Q1:How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you
see the bug that wasd introduced?
A: By showing me,what I have changed in the file, which in turn
helped me figure out what i did wrong, or what was the mistake
that i did.

Q2:How could having easy access to the entire history of a file
make you more effcient programmer in the long term?
A: By saving time for me, for saving and checking old versions of
a file manually, and also showing me the changes i did to the
file, which i can check when i have a doubt that i did something
wrong in the past.

Q3: what do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing
when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions
automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
A: The cons of having to create a commit manually are:
1- forgetting to commit changes often which could lead to not
enough changes being commited
2- Commting too many changes to the file that are unnecessary.
The pros are:
1- saving useful and important changes only
2- having more flexibility to commit files any time wanted.
3- not having unecessary commits.
Q4: why do you think some version control systems, like Git, 
allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like
Google Docs, treat each file separately?
A: Because different version control systems are built to save
diffrent type of files, unlike Git, Google Docs tend to be used
to save pdf,word,image,text..etc kind of files, which most of the
time don't have sparate files for each project/file.
In the other hand Git is used to save projects that have separate
files, like Webpages,Apps..., so multi file saving is necessary.

Q5: How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view
the history of files?
A: to use git log simply tipe git log and hit enter, then the
commit history will be shown. To use git diff, type git diff (id
of the first commit) (id of the second commit), then the 
difference between the two commits will be shown.

Q6: how might using version control make you more confident to
make changes that coudld break something?
A: By saving previous versions of the project which i can refer
to in case of bug.

Q7: Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to
try using Git for?
A: I will use Git to monitor my future projects
